---
title: " Other Map Providers in EJ2 Maps control | Syncfusion "

component: "Maps"

description: "Learn here all about Other Map Providers of Syncfusion EJ2 Maps control and more."
---

# Other map providers in EJ2 Maps control

Apart from the OpenStreetMap and Bing Maps, you can also render the maps from other map service providers by specifying [`layerType`](../api/maps/layerSettingsModel/#layertype) as "**OSM**" and the URL generated by map provider in the [`urlTemplate`](../api/maps/layerSettingsModel/#urlTemplate) property. Here, Google maps is rendered. This provides customizable maps with your own content and imagery.

Refer to [Google maps licensing](https://developers.google.com/maps/terms#10-license-restrictions).

{% tab template= "maps/Providers", es5Template="es5OSM" %}

{% endtab %}

## Zooming and panning

Tile maps layer can be zoomed and panned. Zooming helps to get a closer look at a particular area on a map for in-depth analysis. Panning helps to move a map around to focus the targeted area.

{% tab template= "maps/Providers", es5Template="es5OSMZoom" %}

{% endtab %}

## Adding markers and navigation line

Markers can be added to the layers of tile maps by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude using [`markerSettings`](../api/maps/layerSettingsModel/#markersettings) property. Navigation lines can be added on top of an tile maps layer for highlighting a path among various places by setting the corresponding location's coordinates of latitude and longitude in the [`navigationLineSettings`](../api/maps/layerSettingsModel/#navigationlinesettings) property.

{% tab template= "maps/Providers", es5Template="es5OSMMarkers" %}

{% endtab %}

## Sublayer

Any GeoJSON shape can be rendered as a sublayer on top of the tile maps layer for highlighting a particular continent or country in tile maps by adding another layer and specifying the [`type`](../api/maps/layerSettingsModel/#type) property of maps layer to "**SubLayer**".

{% tab template= "maps/default-map", es5Template="es5OSMSublayer" %}

{% endtab %}
